Father.
No matter what it is?
One person do really no power.
Is that lawyer?
You this demons. Go and die.
Let go.
Please come with me. Want bring you go to some place.
One person do really no power.
But a few people together make. Will have the courage to overcome.
So. Start to carry out the punishment.
-=Ghost-Seeing Detective 2=-
-=Han Gyu Hyeok. Lawyer (37 years old)=-
Han Gyu Hyeok.
-=Episode 9=-
Specially in charge of criminal case the lawyer.
Winning rate is 98% more than.
Belittle witness the trustworthy characteristic or purchase.
Make use of expert refute evidence the effect.
Confrontation according to gather process pick fault with. This matter become powerless.
One sentence. As long as if it's for money and win a court case.
Will by hook or crook the vile lawyer.
We have arrested the Lee Jae Hun. Yang Hyeon Mu and other perpetrators.
Also he innocent release.
And they everything also already is missing.
Who are you exactly?
Let go of me. Let go of me.
What are all of you doing?
Declare death penalty. Death penalty.
Death penalty. Death penalty.
Declare.
Using presently results come and see.
Han Gyu Hyeok deliberately released criminal later.
Kidnap and have murdered.
Aigoo. No matter how is Seonbae Jeong analyze..?
-=Han Gyu Hyeok=-
Yes. Completely will no have a connection with!
Like that lawyer. There is no need do such a thing?
Republic of Korea unreasonable the judicial system.
Be born happen Han Gyu Hyeok this kind of monster.
19 years ago.
Han Gyu Chi the younger sister.
Very young the time cruelly by sexually assaulted.
Aigoo. Eat until really good. Is it delicious?
Yes. Delicious.
Eat some more.
Hey. Hey.
Older brother going take a look and come back.
Hey. What are you doing?
Let's go and study.
Don't be like this. Better go?
Then....
Feel and see.
Won't bite people.
Let's go. Go and study.
Won't bite people?
I should with older brother say then go?
It's all right. Uncle have already said. You can just play.
Biscuit and chocolate also can enjoy to one's content eat.
Most like to eat chocolate?
Sa Ae.
Han Sa Ae.
Damn.
To 6 years old the little child to say,
Simply is too cruel the violence and.
Sexual abuse.
Criminal Jo Man Bok is being identified as after drinking mind and body weak.
-=Discuss politics seat of government county court=-
Being judged limited term of imprisonment 12 years.
What? Then 12 years!
Han Gyu Hyeok the younger sister unable to carry spirit pressure. Attempt to commit suicide.
Presently have became person. Depend on machine continue life.
That called Jo Man Bok the person also is missing?
7 years ago leave prison.
Similarly is missing.
Say like that Jo Man Bok is Han Gyu Hyeok the first victim....
Overthrow existing law. Own appointed law.
If my daughter suffer that kind of thing. I will also....
Get it together.
Han Gyu Hyeok really is making use of victim family member that kind of feeling.
3 years ago.
I investigate the rich 2nd Generation case.
Victim family member Jeong Il-U.
Matters what is going on?
You this demons.
That Jeong Il-U have became Han Gyu Hyeok the right arm.
Even with bare hands have obstructed knife.
Become very loyalty.
Then that time you meeting with Jeong Il-U is just to....
Just to look for relating to Han Gyu Hyeok the evidence.
Want want to convince came here.
But use this method express reject.
Say like that Han Gyu Hyeok replace redress.
Thereupon victim or his family member.
Spontaneous innate quality have became accomplice.
That's right.
Just like that have became accomplice the person. Kidnap next target.
So never leave behind trail. Also bad tracking.
Declare.
Death penalty.
Presently Han Gyu Hyeok the organization.
His foundation have how close? Is really hard to speculation.
Until now have died how many people?
In the future, still know die how many people? Everything is uncertain.
That means.
We get must deal with previously was victim the person.
This really let people feel no practical.
See me this look. But also say like that?
Belief error the beliefs and justice the organization.
Have brought about how to be afraid of consequences?
So.
Concentrate investigate Han Gyu Hyeok.
Cannot.
This is not deal with Han Gyu Hyeok will be able to resolve the question.
Because don't know his devil Jang Sin went to where?
Our objective is completely put an end to sb lost returns to have influence the opportunity.
-=Gang Jae Seop (27) unemployed. DWI hit and run=-
Gang Jae Seop.
27 years old.
DWI hit and run. Causing one junior high school be born lose one's life.
Being sued later release.
-=Lee Dong Seok (41) temporary worker. Kidnap rob.
Envoy pregnant 1 4 weeks the woman lose one's life. But being innocent release=-
Being sued later release.
-=Lee Dong Seok (41) temporary worker. Kidnap rob.
Envoy pregnant 1 4 weeks the woman lose one's life. But being innocent release=-
Lee Dong Seok.
-=Lee Dong Seok (41) temporary worker. Kidnap rob.
Envoy pregnant 1 4 weeks the woman lose one's life. But being innocent release=-
41 years old.
Kidnap rob.
Envoy pregnant 1 4 weeks the woman lose one's life. But being innocent release.
These two people is Han Gyu Hyeok recently release the person.
Very possibly will become next target.
24 hours strict monitor.
At arrest on the spot. Found evidence let him can't decline.
Operation cautiously.
Yes.
Understand.
Clean up really clean!
What? Department Head grandpa let people have attacked.
Who did it?
Have disappeared.
Scene also by clear up the very cleanly.
Whether or not I should not promise I want to go check.
But my existence be known by everybody.
Members surely is extremely expectation.
Found it.
Yes. Understand.
Exactly have found what is this?
Have legacy the evidence?
Hey.
Also won't like this.
Hurry and go get manager call over.
Sorry.
That's right!
Give this kind of trash when bodyguard.
Don't know what is this considered matter?
We are also is not is protecting him. Only make use of only.
Hey. You, this kid.
Have came out. Have came out.
Really is lots of tricks! Lots of tricks.
Cannot wait to with him.
Are you all right?
Hey.
How can urgent brake?
What did you say?
We did not matter? You go yours. Go.
All of you want to hit and run!
Please move aside. We while carrying out official business.
Hey. We are police. Hurry get out of the way.
You dare to fake police!
Hey. You are DWI?
Still not let go. Let go.
We are police. Police. Let go.
Eldest brother.
Today the very vivid.
- Beautiful sister. Where are you going?
- Enough.
Aigoo. Don't be like this. Go in play with.
Very vivid. There is no need in deadly earnest?
Call get of the way!
At legal system and institutions country beat up someone. Still want to go!
Here. Here.
If don't want to get hurt, get lost.
If have confident,
That's right!
Sorry to disturb.
That's right! Exactly have drank how much!
Hey. Get it together.
I'm back.
How is it?
Never discovered incident trace.
Is that so?
District office also incoming call. Surely have anything.
At the scene picked up this.
Find what?
This should be only is a trash?
Seeing still don't know.
I still thought is who what?
Understand.
I'll go hand over to fine notify bill.
Yes.
What is this? This gloomy the feeling.
Very beautiful.
Really very pretty.
Now, I'm want to shoot.
Hey. Hey.
Hurry and give me. I came to shoot.
Dearest. You take a look.
This very beautiful.
This also good see.
What exactly has happened? Make until this look.
Now you ear also become famous.
Hurry. Shoot? Do you understand?
Dearest.
Please wait a moment.
Sorry to disturb.
Sorry.
Gim Yong Cheol.
Today midnight carry out punishment.
Hurry have make preparations. Come out.
Where did you go?
You have tell me. Isn't it?
Looks good?
Father.
No matter what it is?
One person do really no power.
Han Gyu Hyeok.
By Han Gyu Hyeok making use.
I have to hurry tell ajussi.
Heavens.
Who are you?
Courting death!
You, this pervert.
Today, you have found the wrong person.
Handphone signal. Up to here will be gone.
How exactly is heaven? Or enter.
Even individual also see repeatedly.
Lee Dong Seok?
In this neighborhood handphone signal be dead.
They at play with our, isn't it?
Work clean and agile bit.
In case, let police have discovered will be finished.
Yes. Understand.
You his car.
He will take you. Have already made mental preparations.
See you again.
- Go out.
-! Really is me.
Lawyer not around.
Come over here is something the matter?
I have came to look for Lawyer Han Gyu Hyeok.
Have arranged?
If don't have reservation or warrant, cannot see.
That also want see?
Do you think that is possible?
Detective Yun Cheo Yong.
Like this meet!
First go out then talk.
You are that busy. What do you want looking for me?
Lee Jae Hun. Yang Hyeon Mu. Yun Min Yeong.
Cha Seong Nam. Pak Hyeon Su. An Gi Sang wait a moment.
You are suspected of kidnap and murder these people.
Towards Police Hyeon Jik using violence.
Also.
Just now have been kidnapped the Lee Dong Seok and Gang Jae Seop.
If this degree,
Worthy of disregard everything check this case?
What do you mean by that?
Want to deny!
I also imagine the Han Gyu Hyeok. It is not this appearance.
I am also very curious. Is does you towards me think?
Make use of human beings weak the heart. Randomly control them.
This type of person how to address do you know?
Fake founder or head of a religion.
Your conception very enrich!
You believe what you are doing able to into justification?
By you lit. To pull sb into the water the pure real person.
Their life you so what be in charge?
From the start have already him treated as the props.
I'm also ask a question?
Yang Hyeon Mu get lost parents the orphan.
Use in illegal clinical experiment.
Like that trash.
You believe have survivors value?
That time why?
Don't have shoot.
What is it let you hesitate?
Faith. Still was afraid consequences.
Where is legitimacy the norm?
Shut up.
Detective Yun. You compared to who knows very clearly? Now Justice Department the incompetence.
Wait public opinion settle later.
Simple sentence careless dispose of a matter the reality.
You believe.
That honest?
So.
You this is confess say you get Yang Hyeon Mu have killed?
How is it?
Detective Yun. You seem to even more suitable this side.
Consider carefully clearly.
Which one then is even more reason. Even more rational the justice.
Own insisted faith. Have abide by the value?
Justice. Value.
Don't want put bullshit.
You with them the same is murder crime.
Is me too anxious.
Looks like. We need have more talk.
Then goodbye.
Very quickly and will meet.
Police. Know the compared to I have imagined more!
Torrential rain or hide one hide....
That's right.
Today the event just. Slow tone of voice then continue?
Understand.
Who are all of you?
Is Han Gyu Hyeok send over?
-=Pak Myeong Su=-
Prosecutor.
So. Start the second court hearing.
Wait a moment.
Come out.
Defendant Lee Dong Seok.
Be a suspect kidnap. Using violence. Rob. Kill people.
Declare death penalty.
No. No. No.
No. I'm wrong.
I'm wrong. I'm wrong.
Have objection?
If don't have objection, immediately carry out punishment.
Sorry. Beg all of you, spare me.
I have an old mother relative.
Still have 7 years old the daughter. A lifetime don't have seen before mother.
I'm wrong.
What are you doing?
No. I want. I am not want this.
It is not this.
Don't want. Don't want. Don't want.
As matters stand. What are you saying?
Hurry carry out punishment?
Please silence.
Gim Yong Cheol.
Really? Hope stop?
That's right.
Sorry. Sorry.
I'm really very sorry.
What to do?
This is chairman the decision. Should be comply.
If you are think so. I respect your views.
But.
Today at here happened everything. You want tight keep secret.
Can you promised?
Yes. I understand.
From now onwards we will not will contact again or meet.
Re-
Before new the life? That, then is as old friend sake.
Thank you.
Sorry.
Ajussi.
Hurry come over. Hurry.
That soul what do you want to say?
Why let me see that?
Hope have someone stop him?
Because don't want husband just for your ownself become murderer.
That's right. Seem extremely urgent.
Have one point already clearly.
Han Gyu Hyeok have convinced Gim Yong Cheol.
Furthermore, do that with this time the kidnap relating.
Yes. It's me.
How is it?
He's not at home.
Look as if quite a while never have returned home.
Understand.
Not at home.
Where did you go? Exactly.
Spare life!
If give to you opportunity,
You will for a lifetime to reflect?
Okay. Okay.
Please. Give me an opportunity.
If.
Get the matters here feeling say leak one sentence.
Or once again commit the crime.
You will die compared to now pain several hundred multiple thousand-folds.
No matter at which place.
You already unable to escape our palm heart.
Understand.
Thank you.
Really thankful to you.
Today the punishment special using this replace.
Stop. Stop. Stop.
What is want to doing?
I towards day make a vow.
No. With anyone also never say.
No.
Now don't need that kind.
Have been processed.
Evidence plan to how to handle?
Understand.
Put in car.
Yes.
Our Detective Yun. And your people cordial exchanging conventional greetings.
Because intelligence and sensitive the period of time.
See Detective Yun see Han Gyu Hyeok.
So misunderstand as Nae Eung?
At Han Gyu Hyeok hands have eaten big.
Isn't it not should strike back a bit?
Please provide assistance investigation.
That's also right.
Provide assistance investigate!
Nose outstanding to day then went up prosecutor.
Have what to be pity? Must be like this.
Case after all, is case.
And competition compared with.
Will need provide assistance the period of time. Isn't it?
It is not because don't know.
But should be how to believe all of you?
Is that what you are saying?
That trust. Use intelligence to change.
Because clearly know accurate plan the person also don't have.
Gyu Hyeok is to stand out the person.
Is severe law the meaning.
Evil law also law. So require must comply with.
Like this thought about people. Please raise your hands.
Nam Min Su learn on the job.
Because have law then have order.
Have got order then can maintain society.
First comply evil law. Must be suitable to bother amend that will do.
Han Gyu Hyeok learn on the job.
You have other views?
Law the limit is for sure.
Last time also. Now also have.
Cannot be perfect. Cannot be equal.
Even if law itself perfect.
But because envoy use the law the person defective.
So law absolutely cannot perfect.
Let alone if it's just to protect vested in authority.
Degenerate as punish and horrible trick the evil law.
Immediately repeal is wise.
What is the meaning?
You are yearn for Karl. Si Mil Teuk the decision-ism?
You are not having guide second Nazi regime?
If that is the most Gaoming the method.
When dictator also is not bad.
That time don't have understand Gyu Hyeok the meaning.
But become my know Gyu Hyeok the younger sister later.
Able to understand his extreme attitude.
Even if like this. Didn't expect will achieve those words?
Be this case.
Is just to correct he incorrect the justice. Is that so?
No.
Want to do that is too late.
I only want get us believe justice.
Show give to him see?
Hey hey hey. We believe justice.
That sentence. I am really like.
Fine. Together provide assistance investigation.
But investigate is let us come do.
All of you come assist.
But, even then. Still want to do what?
But Gyu Hyeok. I will personally arrest.
-=Han Gyu Hyeok secret organization estimate participate personnel.
Pak Jeong really. Gim Jin Seon. Heo Jin Su. Pak Ji An. Seo Hyo Suk.
Seong Su Tae. Choe Seong Cheol. Gim Jin Cheol. Ji Seong Hui. Mun Ji Yeong.
Jo Ui Sun. Gang In Su=-
The people here all confirm before don't have.
Because of us never caught Gang at harmonize Lee Dong Seok.
Their handphone all switched off.
Cannot find later the alibi.
Gim Yong Cheol also the same.
One the whole night they're all what have you done?
Aigoo. Yes. Going insane.
Target everything disappear.
A bit evidence also don't have.
They are now at our head.
Continue like this, is that possible?
All of you what are you waiting for?
I after much deliberation. That woman feels like is not right.
Surely seen at somewhere? Have such a feeling.
Anyway, I am now feels like not necessarily can come.
Now at marketplace surveillance video within.
Looking for have clear facial the picture.
Yes.
This is Prosecutor Nam Min Su.
Hereafter, provide assistance our investigate.
Honorific : I've long looked forward to meeting you.
Rely on you.
Police check joint investigation.
This matter is getting bigger.
To yesterday the matter. Apologise to you.
Be honest. It's my mistake.
It's all right.
Bin Gwa. Bin Gwa. Bin Gwa.
Stop. Stop.
I'll say seen at somewhere? So, is like this.
Is Cha Seong Gwang case victim the family member!
Mun Ji Yeong.
Correct. Is this woman.
Gim Yong Cheol the lamp.
Hurry confirm position.
Confirm is both of them?
Slowly to become evident.
Grasp hold of Mun Ji Yeong the position. Following suspect arrested.
Follow Gim Yong Cheol ensure crime evidence.
Whether it's coerce or gather together net-like. Must certainly let him confess.
Fine. Now from trunk to Geun Ja. In a short while be fixed.
-=Woman recuperating after childbirth manual=-
It's my husband then hoped for daughter.
Husband is how happy? Appearing in the eyes.
Dearest. Let's get daughter raise you up have to health beautiful.
I love you.
Damn.
Say sorry will do?
In broad daylight drinking. What are you doing?
You this scoundrel.
Just watch and don't care?
Go to persuade!
Stop beating.
What are you doing?
Don't have residence. Also don't have handphone open up record.
No matter how you think? She is only can go to there.
Anyway, beating on a bit. Can knock go out something?
Hey. All of you.
Who are all of you? At other people the place cause trouble.
Police just really great.
You are the youngest the younger sister Mun Ji Yeong.
Now is first rate kidnap murder suspicion people.
Where is she?
I also don't know.
Hey. Already entire country wanted.
Honest in one's prime. Let her whole life hiding in the valley?
I have said before a long time ago never contact.
Consider carefully.
Your sister. Don't know anything. Only at let someone make use.
Want to let she whole life carrying black pot?
Bother she is carrying black pot. Or at which place die.
What has it got to do with me?
Here. In case, she came looking for you. Just contact me.
That, then is cherish younger sister.
I have nothing to say.
Don't be excited. Say properly. Say properly.
Police just really great.
What are you doing want like this treat me?
Opposite not as good as dead person. Exactly for what?
Where is your younger brother?
Say.
Have already killed?
How did you know?
All of you believe is not justice.
That is in addition one kind of violence.
Is to be afraid of massacre only.
All of you know.
That's why like this painful? Isn't it?
If your wife have seen you now really bad the appearance.
How will be you believe?
So.
So. So. What should I do then can?
Exactly what should I do then can?
Lost wife the feeling.
Still have why carry out this kind of choice?
It is not don't understand.
But Lee Dong Seok also have family member.
Like this. If father have disappeared.
Son. The rest family member want to completely endurance then lose feel.
You compared to anyone knows very clearly.
We will protect you Gim Yong Cheol.
Believe me. Please help me.
Isn't it not let you betray him?
They also like Yong Cheol you the same is ordinary person.
Let them return to former the position.
Rely on you.
Don't know what are you talking about?
Also don't want to know.
It is not easy.
Starting from now, please leaving me further away.
Tell him. His wife at the side.
Say worry ajussi.
Just like this let him go?
See ajussi the expression. Isn't not will understand.
Have what do you want to say?
Suddenly is for what?
They are is attentively watching.
It is here.
Yes. This block large building No. 304.
Let's go.
Even if late. Better surrender?
You're only run errands only.
No. I did it?
That scoundrel die the appearance. I saw have to be very clear about sth.
No. How come you do not know?
Brother.
Even if never like this. As first death Ji Hyeong. Heart like have been cut by a knife?
Let me just watch and don't care your life be destroyed?
Cannot.
I cannot don't bother about.
What are you doing? Let go.
Mun Ji Yeong. Open the door. Open the door.
Older brother, you brought over?
We surrender.
You move one finger and try.
Until I die show you?
That's right. You die?
If then call what friendly affection?
Will compared to older brother more important.
Might as well be dead forget it.
Hey. Ji Yeong.
Don't want. Ji Yeong.
Ji Yeong.
Hey. Call 119.
Don't want. Ji Yeong.
Don't want.
In any case, fortunately don't have endanger life.
Hey. Kid.
Still living the woman cut neck. Then is considered what fortunately?
Don't know in the first place in the heart the hate is how big?
People will become like that.
If your wife have seen you now really bad the appearance.
How will be you believe?
What am I going to do?
I am now how to live?
Want to is here spending the night.
Also is not strange!
Still haven't left?
Chirping. Really noisy.
Really? Do you think I don't know?
Just now they see and ajussi be together.
So that's why like this?
Afraid of him something happened.
Be honest. I am also the same.
Perhaps is have seen wife the soul.
Feel sad and to worry.
Wow. Today still able to see Seong Seong.
Open radio?
I am ghost.
How do you do?
Looking at your face is pretty good.
Thank you.
See you next time.
Welcome frequently come.
Yes.
Yes. Team leader.
Request for support.
Very quickly will meet. Han Gyu Hyeok.
That, then is ajussi car. Is that so?
Stop. Withdraw.
Yong Cheol.
What happened?
Have a man shoot later. Towards that side run away.
Immediately oppose shoot. But too far.
Hurry call ambulance.
Yes. Understand.
Have someone been shot. Have someone been shot. Have someone been shot.
Gim Yong Cheol. Wake up.
Call ambulance. Endure one moment.
Gim Yong Cheol.
What to do?
Gim Yong Cheol. Wake up. Gim Yong Cheol.
Have died?
Gim Yong Cheol.
Gim Yong Cheol have died.
What do you mean by that? Gim Yong Cheol have died.
Should be internal take action.
Vicious the fellows. Yes.
Have discovered something don't have.
Yes. Check before nearby the surveillance video.
Everything is forge license plate.
Yun seonbae. Why like that? Please raise one's head.
Yes. What's wrong with everyone?
The more in such a time. More must stay strong.
Have them also arrested!
As a rogue add secret society.
Still say what victim an association?
Don't demented.
Yes. It's me.
Have asked about?
Where are you going?
Exactly thinking of what?
Hear about gun shot is three times.
The first criminal to Gim Yong Cheol open one shot.
Present the police officer open two gun.
But what's wrong?
At firearm using record inside recorded police have three gun.
Yes. Check before Police Officer Ha Seok Cheon firearm using record.
Indeed is three send.
Since police have three gun.
Then kill ajussi the is that police? Is that so?
That is must to him announce Gim Yong Cheol have died.
Police Officer Ha Seok Cheon.
Three years ago have occurred. Police lover colleague.
Arrest violence organization the time death the case.
It's all my fault.
I should in advance do you understand?
Bad egg.
Dirty the seed one also cannot remain.
Too scary.
Now who also cannot believe?
But. Isn't it not want to tell team members?
No.
Intelligence at somewhere leak?
What?
Presently at suspecting team members?
You go to carefully observe. See who suspicious?
I recognize that fellow the true identity.
If this fact one leak.
Then everything finished.
Have been already prepared.
Yes.
Understand.
Assume put in effort working the appearance?
Eat midnight snack later and then go back?
No. No need.
Take this.
Really nothing wrong.
Thank you. Accept like me this type of person.
Don't mention it.
Properly settle the issues.
Mister. Very sorry. We ended do business.
Otherwise, you get off the car.
If problem not very big,
What is that?
When will you.
Just arrived.
I pass by the time enter came to look.
Previously arrange living missing case.
Feel that have what correlation?
Since recently came out prison the have previous criminal record the person.
Pattern is different.
Looks like have sufficient possibility.
Wait confirm later then will tell you.
Department Head Yeo Gang have said. Analyze ability eager to be first.
And at the police station compared with.
At prosecutor office even more can display your the ability.
Over-praise.
If require want me to help? Please just say it.
Yes.
Yes. Team leader.
It's me.
Discovered their nest bit.
Start the first public trial.
Wu at prosperous. 23 years old.
Bandit double rape have times criminal record the person.
Please forgive spare life.
Too you have worked hard.
-=Have tail. Be careful=-
Have tail. Be careful.
Everyone stop.
What are all of you doing?
Nam Min Su. Finally, still you.
Do not impede me.
Is identical the crime many times crime the person.
That kind of person eventually, will crime even greater crime.
Want to from the beginning cut off first signs.
You based on what power?
Why have killed Gim Yong Cheol? Lee Dong Seok.
You won't know then to ask?
If he towards police confess. What will be the result?
So. Even Department Head Gang Gi Yeong also want to kill?
This time want to kill who again?
Is me?
That's right.
As long as can protect friendly affection will.
I anything also capable come out.
This all is just for us.
Isn't this us centre pursue the justice.
Continue like this,
You with our living in decide the person the same. Is murder person.
Then before believe you follow you the people is considered what?
Just for your so-called great justice.
Let them also sink into danger?
Like you this weak. We anything matter also unable to do.
Before our come forward. The world have change?
One group of madman not reason. Attack and kill passerby.
Just for more a bit heritage. Kill own parents.
Just for collect insurance payout. Burn to death own children.
This world have gone mad. You can't see?
Nam Min Su.
Let us come change.
Kill off that kind of scoundrel.
I came to change.
It's my fault.
From the beginning such a thing should let me alone do.
You also. Other member also.
Should not pull enter this matter inside come.
Han Gyu Hyeok.
As a friend. Eventually, propose you one sentence.
Don't stop me.
You think about it properly.
The final opportunity.
That fellow have been caught.
Is crime later abscond.
Yes. Thank you.
Is here common similarity is.
This.
Department Head.
Found it.
Recently came out prison the have previous criminal record the person.
Especially is once again crime the criminal caught red-handed.
All is missing.
Yes. Understand.
This person at where have seen before!
At where have seen before?
-=Chim Min Gi=-
Is at there have seen before.
What are you doing? What are you doing?
Sorry to disturb.
Because have someone complaint.
Here connect Internet the place at where?
Please follow me come.
Yes.
Sister. Don't want.
Criminal Police Lee.
Don't tell me, saw wrongly.
Just passing by!
Where is unclear?
You yourself and see.
It's me.
Of course must go.
Yes, yes, yes.
Why never answer the phone?
It's me.
Let go of me. Let go of me.
Detective Jeong.
Let go of me.
-=Next Episode Preview=-
No matter what? Have anything we at neglect.
They always go in front of our of.
Now you suspect Prosecutor Nam?
Han Gyu Hyeok have gone where?
Starting from now,
Friendly affection will case. Let us prosecutor office investigate.
Today dissolve friendly affection will.
Shut up.
Starting from now, my words is justice. Is law.
Prosecutor Nam. Come what is in here matter?
Can it be possible that Nam Min Su want to towards Department Head grandpa start with.
Department Head. You with Nam Min Su stay together.
Department Head.
Before that require need to deal with one thing.